RHDEVDOCS-6468: Adding a missing module in GitOps 1.16 (#94081)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-enabling-argo-rollouts-ui-on-an-argo-cd-instance.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-enabling-argo-rollouts-ui-on-an-argo-cd-instance_{context}"]
= Enabling Argo Rollouts UI on an Argo CD instance

To enable Argo Rollouts UI on an Argo CD instance, complete the following steps.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.

* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on your {OCP} cluster.

> * You have configured the *RolloutManager* custom resource (CR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have configured the `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR).
```

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {OCP} web console.

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Select *{gitops-title}* from the installed Operators list and click the *Argo CD* tab.

. Select the Argo CD instance in the *Argo CD* tab under the `openshift-gitops` namespace.

. Click *YAML* and add the following configuration to configure the Argo Rollouts UI:
+
.Example enabling Argo Rollouts UI in the Argo CD CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:  
  name: argocd
spec:  
  server:    

>     enableRolloutsUI: true # <1>
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    enableRolloutsUI: true # <1>
# ...    
----
```

- If this YAML config is incomplete, see https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/f9bab0fcb6e6353397e32183179ba9a3149af6a4/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#signs-and-symbols-in-code-blocks
> use an ellipsis (…​) to show that the file continues before or after the quoted block. For YAML, use ('#…​') instead.

> <1> Set this value to `true` to configure the `enableRolloutsUI` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Set the value of the `enableRolloutsUI` field to `true`.
```

. Click *Save*.

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, navigate to the {rh-app-icon} menu -> *OpenShift GitOps* -> *Cluster Argo CD*. The login page of the Argo CD Web UI is displayed in a new window.

. To access the Argo Rollouts UI in the Argo CD Web UI, configure a sample application that includes the Argo Rollouts resources.
+
[NOTE]
====

> The `enableRolloutsUI` field restarts the Argo CD server deployment pod, so it takes a few seconds for the Argo Rollouts extension to enable in the Argo CD Web UI.

Author: Fixed.
